c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\bin\Debug\المخازن.exe.config
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\bin\Debug\المخازن.exe
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\bin\Debug\المخازن.pdb
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\bin\Debug\المخازن.xml
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form1.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Resources.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.form2.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.exe
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.xml
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.pdb
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form10.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form11.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form3.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form4.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form5.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form6.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form7.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form8.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\obj\Debug\المخازن.Form9.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\المخازن\المخازن\bin\Debug\مخازن.accdb
