c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\mahmoud\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Mahmoud\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\حساب متوسط اعمار 10 طلاب\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
